---
cover: zz_media/002.png
tags:
  - title
---


#### Overall Outline
- Political turmoil spreads across Disgraceland as [[The Duke]] raises already high taxes on basic necessities like fuel and food. The Duke and his wealthy, elite circle get richer as the people struggle and get poorer. Deals start to be made behind [[The Duke]]s back and when he finds out, [[The Duke]] cracks down hard. Causing a rebellion in [[Charspire]] that spreads to [[Gutter Row]]. The [[Steeltown Wrecking Crew]] and the [[Rustwater Raiders]] make an uneasy alliance to stop The Duke's [[Loyalist Guard]] and protect the people. Civil War breaks out in [[Charspire]] and [[Gutter Row]] officially.

- [[Rachel Gold]] will discover secret documents claiming [[The Duke]] will sign an act declaring any undesirables as slaves from henceforth.

- [[Salem Quinn]] and [[Prophet Veerah]] will have the same vision of the A.I. Frankensteins. Quinn believes it's a warning and is trying to warn [[The Duke]]. Veerah believes it's a prophecy and she is being instructed to kill men to bring the return of [[Faith of Mirella|Mirella]].

- [[Bobby Cutman]] kills [[Bastian Redd]] in their rematch. [[Abel May Jr.]] signs with [[World Lucha Libre]] and agrees to fight Cutman. May Jr. is also challenged by Raider [[Blacktide Cray]]. [[Bastian Redd]]'s body disappears after the fight.

- [[Morris Gable]] is assassinated on live tv by [[Hella]] or [[The Grim Man]], maybe?

- [[The Grim Man]] assassinates [[Gorren Brile]]

- Someone, maybe [[Emily Burton]] will assassinate [[The Duke]] and claim power for themselves. 

- In the finale, [[Ora Razchek]] will release his army of A.I-Frankensteins that include a dead [[Bastian Redd]] to unleash hell on a warring nation. Indiscriminately killing everyone. Ora and [[Hella]] will arrive at [[The Silo]] and murder whoever The Duke/Duchess is at the time. Claiming [[MAPA DE EARTHROPO]] as their dark world.

---

## Chapter 3 - The Devil In The Row
  
  - ### **Part 1**: 
    Shana, the owner of Hollow House takes a break from managing her girls and steps out back for a cigarette in the night air. Two clearly drunk loyalist guards appear acting like assholes and ask her for a smoke and start harrassing Shana, but Shana is cool and confident and does what she can to try and calm things. Eventually one of them grabs Shana and she slaps him. The other guard grabs her and starts threatening her. Both guards drag Shana down deeper into the alley, covering her mouth as she tries to scream. 
  - ### **Part 2**: 
  Behind a dumpster the guards toss Shana, who immediately stands up and attacks but is quickly overpowered. The guards laugh and mock her as they rip at her clothes and grab at her body. They discuss what they're going to do to her and pretend to play a game as to who will take her first. Suddenly a loud CLANG is heard. The guards quickly turn their heads and see The Grim Man, standing motionless about 20 feet away in the alley holding his chain, the long spike of it resting on the ground. The guards are nervous but try to mock Grim Man, who just stands there. Finally the guards let go of Shana and stand up to face the Grim Man. They run their mouths at him and pump themselves up before slowly taking steps towards Grim Man. Grim Man just watches them advance. 
  - ### **Part 3**: 
In a flash Grim Man launches his chain spike at one of the guards, instantly impaling through his eye. The other guard freezes in shock for a moment but quickly draws his gun and fires at Grim Man. Grim Man jumps behind another dumpster as the Guard yells at him. The guard slowly advances with his gun drawn to the dumpster, finally he looks behind it but Grim Man isn't there. The guard turns around quickly but Shana is there and kicks him square in the nuts. The guard falls. Grim Man appears behind Shana and Shana gasps in fright but Grim Man just grabs the other guard, takes the guards own cuffs and cuffs the guard before throwing him into the dumpster. 
  - ### **Part 4**: 
  Shana watches the Grim Man for a moment. Finally Grim Man looks over at Shana and stops. Shana slowly steps towards him and thanks him for saving her. Grim Man nods. Shana says she has heard about him but didn't think he was real. Says people in Gutter Row call him the Grim Man. She says he's something this hell hole needs. - a person doing whats right. Shana tells him she owes him now and if he ever needs a favor to come find her. Grim Man nods again and disappears into the shadows as Shana watches him go.
  
  ---
  
## Chapter 4 - White Gold
  
  - ### **Part 1**: 
    Lash Hawkins waits, cool and calm near the Three Nail Market in Gutter Row for Nico Murray to show. Eventually Nico walks up with two girls on his arms. Lash and Nico exchange phony pleasantries before Nico asks why Lash called him out here. Lash tells Nico he's out. He's not going to be selling for the Murray Boys anymore. Lash tells Nico he's learned over the years how to manufacture his own, and recent batches are testing even more pure than Murray Luxyn. Nico is furious, telling Lash he's making a huge fuckin mistake. Does Lash realize that puts him in direct competition on the streets with The Murray Boys? Lash just grins at him, infuriating Nico even more. Nico swings at Lash but Lash is too quick and ducks, quickly slapping Nico hard in the face, telling him to smarten up, embarrassing him in front of the girls. Nico, incensed, leaves.
  - ### **Part 2**:
  Nico arrives back at the Murray House and tells Rosa and Marco, his parents, what has happened. Rosa says she never trusted that boy and Marco says he'll send word to Francis to let him know. Marco tells Nico scum like Lash will be dealt with. Marco patienly pulls on a cigar and tells Nico to settle down and remember nobody wins against the Murrays. Marco tells Nico to make contact with the leader of the Third Row gang, Samson Knight, see about brokering a meeting. Maybe having the Third Row sell Luxyn for them right out of the Three Nail Market.
- ### **Part 3**:
  Inside an unassuming shack somewhere inside Gutter Row, Lash works in his homemade lab, Night Time with Morris Gable is on the small television as Lash cooks up a fresh batch of Luxyn. Lash turns and watches Morris Gable deliver some monologue jokes as he lights up a cigarette and chuckles at the tv. There is a *ding* and Lash opens a small glass container, omitting a steam and looks at his latest batch of Luxyn, smiling widely at it. He holds it up and studies the faint glowing properties for a moment before commenting "This about to me my town now." Lash looks around for another baggy to stash it but realizes he is out. He puts things down, throws on his jacket and walks out into the cool night, locking his homemade lab shut behind him as he ventures out to the shops open at this time in the Three Nail Market.
- ### **Part 4**:
Lash walks alone down the quiet cobblestone streets in disrepair, lighting up another cigarette and plotting how best to build his empire. He passes a group of people he knows and smiles, slapping hands with them and hugging one of the girls. Lash says he'll catch them on his way back, he's just running to the shop. Lash walks on and turns down some more streets, finally he comes to a quiet corner and turns the corner. Hella is standing there about 10 feet in front of him, smiling. Lash looks at her and freezes. Lash tries to play it cool but Hella just stares at him and grins. Lash starts to get freaked out a bit and takes a step forward to get around Hella, but Hella steps in front of him. Lash warns Hella one more time but suddenly Hella spits a mist of green liquid from her mouth into Lash's face. Lash yells but falls over, unconscious. Hella looks down at Lash as she pulls out a rope.

---

## Chapter 5 - Sight Unseen
  
  - ### **Part 1**: 
Deep in the marshes of The Drownlands, the Unseen Widow twins, Raina & Risa quietly hunt a boar foraging in the thick bush. They communicate just with their eyes and hand signals as they move to surround the boar. The boar is unaware of their presence. Slowly, Risa pulls a bow from her back and hooks an arrow up to it, launching the arrow directly into the boar. The Boar wails and runs but Raina pounces on it quickly, slicing her blade across it's throat in one quick motion. The twins are pleased as they pack the animal up. Talking about how it will be good to honor the god Mirella with a boar feast. 
They walk through the bush and return to where Riley Thorne is waiting, Riley tells the twins they did great and they are almost ready. The twins are pleased.

- ### **Part 2**:
Raina, Risa and Riley all return to the compound and are greeted by Len Vyne. Len tells the other girls to come quickly as Prophet Veerah has had another vision and has gathered the sisters. All four make their way to the sermon stand where Prophet Veerah stands looking out at about a dozen girls. Veerah sees Riley and the twins and smiles, asking them to come in. They enter and Veerah begins a monologue on the vision she had in her sleep. The vision was of a point in the near future where Ora Razchek's AI Frankenstein monsters are attacking an unknown part of Tribucia, killing indiscriminately. All Veerah sees are the monsters attacking but she has no context as she is unaware of the existence of Ora or the monsters. Because of that, she attributes her vision to the goddess Mirella and interprets it as Mirella telling Veerah that war will come to destroy everything unless Veerah and the widows stop it. 

- ### **Part 3**
After Veerah's sermon, she is in her cabin as Riley and Raina & Risa enter. Veerah asks them to sit and they do. Veerah asks Riley if the twins are ready and Riley says she believes they are. Veerah asks the twins directly if they are ready. Raina and Risa say yes. Veerah says good. Veerah stands and tells the twins to follow her. They exit the cabin with Riley following and wander down a small path until they reach a clearing on a small cliff overlooking The Drownlands. Veerah walks to a small cauldron and adds mud, grass, tree bark, bits of earth. She mixes it as she speaks. Telling them that this is the body of Mirella, that the godess Mirella is one with the land and air and sea and is everything and everywhere. Veerah asks the twins if they pledge their lives to Mirella. The twins say yes and Veerah fills two small cups with the contents of the cauldron and hands the twins a cup each. She tells them to consume the body of Mirella and once complete they will become Unseen. The twins do. Veerah and Riley are pleased. Veerah says they are now Unseen. Veerah then tells them that to become a Widow, they must first each kill one man.

- ### **Part 4**
A short time later, Raina, Risa and Riley Thorne are coming out of a clearing on the edge of The Drownlands. To their east is Grave Bay. They notice the Black Marauder sailing out in the bay in the direction of Steeltown. To their west is the Loyalist Guard Base. The group make their way along the edge of the Loyalist Base they hide and watch General Colt command a squad through multiple intense drills. They see Colt grab a whip and start beating a recruit who failed the drill apparently. The group watches him and Raina and Rise decide he will be their first kill.

## Chapter 6 - Showdown In Gage Park
  
  - ### **Part 1**
A fisherman at the docks in Gage Park, Steeltown is packing up for the day, saying goodnight to friends, etc, when he notices the Black Marauder pirate ship in the Rustwater Bay. He watches it nervously for a time and realizes it is headed for the docks. He yells and people begin to notice the approaching vessel. Women grab up children and hurry them off, fishermen scurry to get out of the water and away from the docks. The first fisherman begins to run, passing by people, one of his friends from earlier bumps into him and he tells his friend he's going to inform the Wrecking Crew of the impending appearance of the Rustwater Raiders.
  
  - ### **Part 2**
On the Black Marauder, Blacktide Cray, Lyla Bonetooth and Silas Vayne stood watching the shores of Gage Park, watching the people panicking and fleeing. Blacktide says this may have been a bad idea. Silas is sure that the Wrecking Crew are going to attack them. Blacktide agrees with Silas and says we need to prepare for a fight. Salt-Eye Marloow enters and Lyla asks him how the slaves are doing. Salt-Eye says they're hangin' on, but the girl, the little one has a right bad fever. This news hits Lyla like a gutpunch, as she does not want to be moving slaves at all. Lyla orders Salt-Eye to bring the girl anything she needs. Zadie Adeyemi enters and asks Captain Bonetooth what her orders are. Lyla looks at her crew and watches the shore some more. Lyla sighs. Finally Lyla says that her and Blacktide Cray will take a dingy into shore alone, with a white flag raised and speak to the Wrecking Crew themselves. Silas is not happy about this and says the Crew will kill them, Zadie agrees with Silas, saying it's a suicide run. Lyla asks Blacktide what he thinks and Blacktide tells her that where she goes, he goes. Lyla says it's settled and to prepare the dingy.

  - ### **Part 3**
  Inside the Wrecking Crew clubhouse, Jimmy Douglass, Mark Jeffrey and Selena Matissao are sitting and watching a trashflick film comedy. Jimmy thinks it's dumb but Mark is laughing his ass off at the movie and Selena is just enjoying Mark's reactions. Behind them Abel May Jr and Rodney Blythe are playing a tense game of Sliver when there is a frantic banging on the front doors. The crew look at each other before Rodney Blythe, the large red head bodyguard of the Crew walks to the door and answers. The fisherman is standing there panting breathlessly, desperately trying to communicate. Rodney watches the man and gets annoyed and assumes he's high on Luxyn or something until Katie Kowalski, the doctor of the Crew comes over and calmly introduces herself to the fisherman. The fisherman composes himself enough and explains to Rodney and Katie that the Black Marauder is pulling into the Rustwater Bay. Katie looks shocked, Rodney turns back inside and motions for Jimmy & Mark. Jimmy comes over and Rodney repeats what the fisherman said. Mark & Jimmy look at each other. Mark gets up and rings the big bell, signaling for the crew to assemble. The other members, Joe Ameen comes in from the garages, Lincoln Jones from his room and the rest. Jimmy stands in front of them, with Mark at his side. Jimmy tells them what the Fisherman said. Jimmy says the pirates are crossing boundries they know they shouldn't be crossing. Jimmy says if the Raiders want a war, we'll give them one. Mark tells the group to keep their heads and don't fire until word from either him or Jimmy. Mark tells the Crew it's time to ride out. Outside Jimmy, Mark, Abel, Selena, Rodney, Lincoln, Joe & Katie all get on and warm up their bikes before riding off to the Gage Park docks.

  - ### **Part 4**
The Wrecking Crew arrive on their motorcycles at the crest overlooking the docks as people part to let them pass and watch their protectors get to work. - Mark tells Selena Matissao to deal with the crowd. Selena gets the attention of the people and tells them for their safety they should leave the area. Selena's good with crowd control. - Jimmy Douglass and Lincoln Jones stand at the crest watching the Black Marauder out in the water. They're discussing the purpose of the unannounced visit when Jimmy notices something in the water. They look closer and see it's the dingy carrying Lyla and Blacktide. A white flag flying off of it. Jimmy calls Mark over. - Jimmy and Mark and Lincoln stand there watching the dingy get closer. They wonder if this is a trap or a set up of some kind. Finally Jimmy turns back and gathers the Crew. - The crew gather around Jimmy. Jimmy tells them that it looks like a dingy with two people are headed towards us. A white flag flying. Abel says it could be a trap. Everybody agrees. - The dingy is near the beach now so Jimmy, Mark and Abel May Jr. head down. As they're walking Abel mentions to them that Flint Garritt has invited Abel to the Final Reckoning fight as Flint's personal guest. Mark and Jimmy are shocked. Abel tells them Flint came to him the night of the confrontation between Abel and Bobby and offered him a contract. Abel tells them he hasn't signed it, but hasn't thrown it away either. Abel says he's thinking of going. Jimmy says it's not safe for him to go alone. Mark agrees, says the Wrecking Crew rides together. - The dingy pulls into the beach and Lyla and Blacktide step out about 100 yards away from Mark, Jimmy & Abel. For a time, both sides just glare at each other. Finally Lyla and Blacktide begin walking forward. Jimmy looks up and signals to the other crew members watching from the top of the crest and Jimmy, Mark & Abel begin walking too.

  - ### **Part 5**
The two sides move closer towards each other across the open beach. - Finally once eveybody is close, Mark stops about 20 paces behind and Jimmy and Abel walk to Lyla and Blacktide. - Jimmy says "You must be Lyla Bonetooth." Lyla corrects him and says it's Captain Lyla Bonetooth. Lyla says it's a pleasure to finally meet the legend Jimmy Douglass himself face to face. - Abel and Blacktide have stared at each other the whole time. - Jimmy tells Lyla her reputation preceeds her but it's an honor. Lyla commends Jimmy on leading Steeltown towards independence against The Duke. - Jimmy asks Lyla what she's doing here. Lyla eyes Jimmy for a moment, but tells him she is there for a favor. And since the Wrecking Crew didn't attack the moment The Raiders pulled into the bay, you might as well hear us out. - Abel and Blacktide continue to stare at each other. - Jimmy is surprised that the Rustwater Raiders need help from anybody. Lyla tells him it isn't help for them. It's help for the slaves on their ship. - Jimmy gets serious and asks what she means. - Lyla tells Jimmy that The Duke summoned the Raiders to The Silo in order for the Raiders to secretely deliver a group of slaves to Steeltown. - Jimmy is shocked. Jimmy says Slavery is outlawed in Steeltown. Lyla says she knows. - Jimmy demands to know who bought the slaves but Lyla says The Duke didn't tell her. - Abel and Blacktide continue to glare at each other. - Lyla tells Jimmy she feels the same way about slaves. She tells him that they came in here this way, making a grand entrance, so the Crew would know that we're not here for a fight. We're here to talk. - Jimmy asks Lyla what she wants him to do. Lyla says she wants the Crew to take the slaves from them. - Jimmy says if he takes them he's going to free them. Lyla says she knows. Jimmy says this will put a target on her back. Lyla says she knows that too. - Abel and Blacktide continue to glare at each other. - Jimmy turns from Lyla and calls over Mark Jeffrey. Jimmy introduces Mark to Lyla. Mark says it's an honor to meet Lyla Bonetooth. Lyla corrects him and says it's Captain Lyla Bonetooth. Mark smiles and apologizes. Lyla smiles back at Mark. - Jimmy tells Mark that the Raiders are here with slaves. Mark suddenly gets serious and says slavery ain't legal here. Jimmy fills Mark in and says they're going to take them and free them. - Abel and Blacktide stare. - Jimmy tells Mark to get the rest of the Crew. Mark notices Abel and Blacktide staring at each other and asks them what the hell is going on. - Abel says Blacktide is staring at him. Blacktide says Abel is staring at him! - Jimmy, Lyla and Mark watch as the big men argue about who is staring at who. - Finally Mark says he'll go get the others and leaves. - Lyla turns to Blacktide and tells him to settle down. - Jimmy looks Abel, who also backs off a bit. - Lyla tells Jimmy that Mark is amusing. Jimmy rolls his eyes and tells her if she only knew... - Lyla signals to the Black Marauder. After a time another dingy appears with a group of discheveled looking slaves on it. - The Wrecking Crew roll up and watch the slaves approaching. Jimmy introduces the Crew to Lyla. Katie especially is a fan of Lyla. Telling her that Lyla is an inspiration for women in Disgraceland. Lyla tells Katie that she is too. Katie is flattered Lyla even knows who she is. Lyla tells Katie that the Wrecking Crew is known in every corner of Disgraceland. - The slave dingy lands on the beach and Katie, Selena and Lincoln race over and help them. Katie being the doctor gets right to work. - The Crew members work on getting the slaves looked after. - Lyla walks over to Mark and says it was an honor to meet him and thank him for his help today. Mark smiles at Lyla and says she's welcome. Mark tells her that if she ever comes across slaves, she can bring them here and the Wrecking Crew will protect them. And Lyla, if needed. Lyla looks at Mark and knows he means it. - Lyla then moves to Jimmy and thanks him for his help. Jimmy nods and wishes her luck and they shake hands. - Lyla and Blacktide board the dingy. They watch the Wrecking Crew ride off. - Blacktide asks Lyla what she thought of the Crew. Lyla says they weren't what she expected. Blacktide says he wants to beat the fuck out of the "big one."

---

## Chapter 7 - The Spotlight Lies
  
  - ### **Part 1**
At TTV Studios in Gravenwild, Charspire Morris Gable is preparing for that nights taping of Night Time with Morris Gable. He's at his desk on the main stage going over the notes. Morris is upset over a specific piece the station manager Owen McCready handed him. Owen tells Morris that it's a directive straight from The Duke's office. Morris is annoyed at The Duke's constant interference in his program but also knows where his bread is buttered, so goes along with everything. On the other end of the stage, the house band, The Wanderer's are tuning up. Their lead singer, Jaden Kade is watching Morris yelling at Owen. Jaden notices that Morris kept looking in his direction as Morris and Owen were talking. Owen tells Morris to do a dry-run on the new script pages and steps back. Morris turns on his stage persona and begins to read the new page The Duke insists be added. The page is detailing the upcoming Ashmoor Festival. Listing games, prizes, festivities, entertainment and so on, and ends noting there will be a special performance by The Wanderers. Jaden Kade and The Wanderers are shocked, being very anti-establishment they had no intention of attending. "Are you fucking kidding me?!" Jaden yells across the stage.
 
  - ### **Part 2**
Immediately Jaden Kade is pissed. He starts yelling at Owen McCready who pleads with Jaden that the directive came right from The Duke. Jaden tells Owen that he doesn't play music for fascists. Owen tells him he does every night. What, Jaden doesn't think fascists watch Night Time too? Jaden tells Owen The Wanderer's won't be at the Ashmoor Festival. Jaden says he thought the agreement was he'd play music for the show only. If he knew he'd be outsourced to propaganda parties he never would have taken the job. Owen tells him to take it up with The Duke because there is nothing he can do and he's sorry. He knows this goes against Jaden's principals. Owen tells Jaden to take some advice and just perform at the festival and make The Duke happy. No need to cause trouble. Jaden just shakes his head. Morris Gable was sitting at his desk watching Jaden yelling at Owen as he smoked on his cigar. He rubbed his temples and complained that he's getting too old for this shit. The Wanderer's did their job well as the house band but Jaden Kade was a bit too wild for the easy viewing program Morris strived to cultivate. Finally Morris yelled over that Owen was right and Jaden should just play the festival and move on. Jaden tells Morris to fuck off and that he's the biggest fucking sell-out in this building. Morris gets up and starts yelling back about how he's kept peace between the citizens and The Duke for almost a decade! What he does here at Night Time is important to the people! And if Jaden could pull his head out of his fucking ass for 5 seconds and think of something other than himself maybe he'd see that! Jaden yells back that Morris does his best to keep this whole nation subdued and under the thumb of the oppressive Duke. Jaden says Morris is a talking head for fascism and nothing more. Morris says the citizens deserve one hour of their day where they don't have to think about how awful their life is! Jaden sighs as he knows Morris has a point.

  - ### **Part 3**
  The door to the studios open and Warren Scottyard, the anchor for TTV Evening News walks onto the stage and says they can hear the yelling from the studio next door and if everything is alright over here? Morris tells his friend Warren that everything is good. They just received some "surprising" news is all. Warren leans closer to his friend Morris and asks if he needs any help dealing with "that one", motioning to Jaden. Morris sighs and tells Warren that Jaden reminds him of himself when he was that age. An idealistic entertainer, just trying to do right by people. Warren tells Morris people watch his show not out of obedience but because people genuinely love Morris. Morris thanks Warren and tells him sometimes he forgets that. Morris asks Warren what is on tap for the TTV Evening News tonight. Warren tells Morris "Loyalist guard and some whore dead in Gutter Row. Looks like some ritualistic killing or some such. And some dead-beat Luxyn dealer's gone missin' apparently." Morris sighs and smiles at Warren, they shake hands, Morris and Warren agree to have dinner soon and Warren leaves. Owen returns and asks Morris if he's ready for the full rehearsal. Morris says fine but both of them notice Jaden is gone. Owen says "Ember fuckin' damnit. This fuckin' kid." Morris asks how they're going to do the show with no music. Owen says he'll go talk to the rest of The Wanderers and see if they know where Jaden is. Morris goes back to his desk, smoking his cigar and reading over script notes when Owen returns saying Jaden isn't with the rest of the band and they don't know where he is. Morris is pissed off and says someone find Jaden's girlfriend, Cassidy LaRue.

  - ### **Part 4**
  High up on the rooftop of TTV Studios, Jaden Kade and his girlfriend Cassidy LaRue are in sitting in a spot that overlooks Gravenwild. A spot they've come to before. Cassidy pulls out the little baggy of Luxyn and tells Jaden that it's new stuff called "Lash's Glow" and is the strongest shit she has ever had. Jaden takes the baggy and bumps out a little line across Cassidy's mirror. He runs his nose across the fine white powder and throws his head back as the Luxyn hits his brain. He feels good. He feels better than good. He feels invincible. His eyeballs start to glow white. Cassidy smiles at him and says he looks cute when he glows. Cassidy sets up her own line and runs her nose across it, laughing as she does. Jaden and Cassidy sit there watching the city, eyes glowing high. Jaden tells Cassidy that The Duke is forcing him to perform at the Ashmoor Festival. Cassidy says fuck that and to ditch it and come be with her. Jaden says he just might do that. Jaden calls Owen and Morris two old, out of touch fuck-faces. Cassidy says if he hates it maybe he should leave the show. Jaden says he thinks that everyday, but then every Restday his slugs (money) come in and he tells himself just one more week. Cassidy tells Jaden he doesn't need the slugs, that they'd get by just fine. Maybe The Wanderer's could go on tour. Jaden and Cassidy do another bump of Luxyn. Eyes glowing even brighter. Jaden wonders if he keeps performing on Night Time, will he eventually become an old, out of touch fuck-face like Morris Gable. Cassidy laughs and kisses him. She tells him that she won't let that happen. The two laugh and make out, high on luxyn, eyes glowing. Suddenly there's a voice. "Well now. Isn't that a sweet tune." Cassidy and Jaden quickly look up and see Scumbag (Scumbag is a murderous psychopath, like The Joker.).

  - ### **Part 5**
Immediately at the sight of Scumbag, Jaden Kade stands upright, blocking the path between Cassidy and Scumbag. Jaden, eyes still glowing white, tells Scumbag he needs to get the fuck outta here. Scumbag laughs at him. He mentions how he doesn't usually find other people on the rooftops. Scumbag likes to think of the rooftops as his domain. Jaden asks him what the fuck he's talking about. Scumbag makes a joke about how he's babbling on again. Scumbag watches Jaden for a moment and it finally dawns on Scumbag that Jaden Kade is the lead singer of The Wanderers! Scumbag mock fan-girls out for meeting Jaden Kade. Scumbag says it's such a shame the beautiful music of The Wanderer's has to end tonight. Cassidy asks what that means. Scumbag says well since they've seen him, he can't let them leave, just like that. Cassidy starts to panic. Scumbag says to not blame him, he's just a product of the environment he grew up in, or so he's been told. Jaden tries to reassure Cassidy and says Scumbag has to get through him first. Scumbag suddenly goes serious and asks if Jaden is challenging him. Jaden looks at Scumbag, defiant, and says 'Take it any way you want, freak-show.' Scumbag says he chooses to take it as a challenge then. Scumbag raises his machete and steps at Jaden, but Jaden, holding the baggy of Lash's Glow, throws the powder into Scumbag's face. Scumbag is blinded by the Luxyn and Jaden throws his whole body into the larger Scumbag, sending Scumbag sprawling to the ground. Jaden quickly turns to Cassidy and grabs her, telling her to run. Cassidy runs past the downed Scumbag and to the door, as Jaden follows, Scumbag grabs his ankle. Jaden tries to fight him off but Scumbag gets back to his feet and begins hammering at Jaden with powerful fists. Jaden stunned, but tough in his own right, fights back. Blocking blows and throwing his own shots. Scumbag is laughing the whole time. Scumbag lunges for his machete and grabs it before Jaden can. Scumbag mocks Jaden and says "songs over." Scumbag gets serious and holds the machete high before a gunshot rings out over the rooftop. Scumbag and Jaden turn quickly and see Morris Gable standing there with Cassidy holding a smoking gun, pointed at Scumbag. Cassidy runs over to Jaden and Scumbag quickly darts into the shadows. Morris yells for him to stop but Scumbag has seemingly jumped off the roof and disappeared. 

  - ### **Part 6**
Minutes before showtime, people are busy backstage getting last minute details sorted before Night Time goes on the air at midnight. Jaden Kade is sitting in a small chair as a woman applies make-up to his wounds from the fight with Scumbag. Morris Gable comes over and asks Jaden how he is. Jaden says he's okay. Jaden stands up and extends his hand to Morris and thanks him for saving his ass tonight. Morris nods and shakes Jaden's hand. Morris tells Jaden the camera's won't cut to him too much tonight but the make-up looks great anyway, so he'll be okay on air. Morris asks Jaden if he knew who that guy (meaning Scumbag) was. Jaden says No. Jaden says if he ever sees him again he's going to kill him. In a small room somewhere, lit up only by a television a man in the shadows stares at the television. The voiceover is announcing that nights show and guests before Morris Gable is introduced. Morris announces The Wanderers and Scumbag steps from the shadow glaring menacingly at the television as Jaden Kade is shown playing guitar. Scumbag looks incensed and mutters, "Oh I'm comin' for you now, boy."


## Chapter 8 - No Answers
  
  - ### **Part 1**
Inside the precinct for the Blackforce, the peacekeeping squad in Gutter Row, the captain, Kullen Dane, is sitting in his little office looking over the paperwork. He's reading updates on three important cases. First, the two dead bodies found at the tannery in Pisstown. Second, the disappearance of a popular drug dealer, Lash Hawkins in Vileby. And third, the murder of a Loyalist Guard in the Red Light District. He's tired and feeling the weight of his job. An officer knocks on his door and tells Dane "5 minutes..." Dane nods, knowing it's 5 minutes until he has to deliver a press conference, updating the public as to the two cases. He sighs and lights up his last cigarette until after the conference and reads the paperwork one more time. 1st case, Two bodies found. Witnesses heard terrible screaming but saw noone. Officers arrived and found two dead bodies posed in ritualistic fashion. 2nd case, Lash Hawkins disappeared moments after seeing friends. No witnesses. No leads. 3rd case, Loyalist Guard got a spike through the head. Only witness is Shana, the Hollow House owner and she ain't talking to us. Kullen sighs and rubs his temples, putting his cigarette out and standing up. He walks over and opens his office door. He can hear the press outside gathered around the little podium. A young Blackforce officer comes over and says "It's time, Captain."

 - ### **Part 2**
Two reports for the Tribucia Tribute are sitting in the press box with other reporters from TTV News awaiting Captain Dane of the Blackforce. Rachel Gold, star reporter for the Tribucia Tribute and Marlon Lambert, another competent reporter. Rachel is surprised at the level of recent violence in Gutter Row, but Marlon says it's business as usual, just this time a Loyalist was killed. Rachel says it's more than that. People are hurting more lately. Lashing out. Reacting. A commotion stirs as Kullen Dane walks out. People snap some photos as Kullen makes his way to the podium. He greets everybody and thanks them for coming. He starts by assuring everybody that the Blackforce is working tirelessly to catch those responsible for the murders in the Tannery, and the dead Loyalist Guard. Kullen delivers a rundown on each of the three cases. Kullen tells the press the Blackforce vows to bring justice to Gutter Row. Kullen opens the floor to questions. A bunch of chattering before Kullen looks at Rachel Gold. Rachel asks if there have been any leads on the disappearance of Lash Hawkins? Kullen says none as of yet. Rachel asks if it's even foul play. Maybe Lash just decided to leave? Kullen says that based on what he has heard about Mr. Hawkins, he isn't the type to just leave. A commotion to the side as Ava Victoria, Lash Hawkin's girlfriend is yelling over at Rachel, calling her a bitch for even insinuating such a thing. Rachel says she is only asking questions and she wants to find Lash Hawkins too. Ava Victoria is getting emotional as Blackforce security escort her from the premises. Kullen tries to calm things down and takes another question. Marlon Lambert stands up and asks if he thinks there is any connection between these cases? Kullen says No, as the Tannery murders seemed ritualistic, the Loyalist Guard murder is pointing to be more in self-defense. Marlon's eyebrows raise and he says that Kullen didn't  mention self-defense before. And is Kullen saying that the Loyalist Guard was attacking someone? Kullen tries to backpedal and says that he is not sure what happened exactly as the only witness isn't speaking, but he will let the public know just as soon as he does. A TTV Evening News reporter stands and asks if the 2nd Loyalist Guard who was found alive has spoken yet? Kullen says he can't comment on that at this time. People keep trying to ask questions but Kullen thanks everybody for coming and quickly leaves the podium.

  - ### **Part 3**
Down the street Ava Victoria hurrys along, down a back alley where Nico Murray sees her and stand up. Ava walks over and Nico asks if she is okay, Ava tells her about the press conference. She says there is no updates on Lash and the bitch reporter Rachel Gold even said in front of everybody that maybe Lash just ran away. Ava gets upset and Nico says the Lash he knew wouldn't just up and leave like that. Nico tries to calm her down as Rachel Gold and Marlon Lambert walk down the alley. Nico squares up, shielding Ava. Rachel says she heard crying and she isn't here to hurt anyone. Ava tells her that something happened to Lash, he didn't just fucking leave. Rachel says she believes her. Rachel says she just wants to know what happened to Lash. Nico says they need to leave as they are upsetting Ava. Marlon says they just wanted to ask Ava a couple of questions. Nico says that's not happening and shoves Marlon away. Rachel yells at everybody to calm down. Marlon recognizes Nico as the Murray Boys son. Marlon says Lash was selling Luxyn for the Murray Boys, Marlon says he heard reports of an altercation between the Murray kid (meaning Nico) and an unidentified black man (being Lash Hawkins) at the Three Nail Market the day of his disappearance. Rachel shoots Ava a look. Ava says she knows that already. Ava sighs and says Nico didn't hurt Lash. Rachel asks Ava if she's sure? Nico gets pissed off but Marlon squares up to Nico. Ava tells Nico to relax. Ava says she's sure. She confirmed it with people in the Murray house that Nico was at home when Lash went missing. Rachel thinks for a time and finally asks if Ava could show them where Lash went missing. Ava says sure, it's not too far, and the four begin walking down the alleys and side-streets, over vagrants and fist fights and people glowing on Luxyn. On their way Rachel asks Nico how he can sell that stuff (luxyn) to people and sleep at night? Nico frowns and says "Who says I sleep at night..." Finally they arrive around the location they last saw Lash. Ava points to the spot they were sitting and tells them Lash went that way. Ava points east towards the Three Nail Market. Rachel and Marlon start walking in that direction, looking for anything, talking about Ava and Nico. Suddenly Rachel looks down and sees fresh little green splatter marks on a dirty, old concrete slab. She wonders what it is. Marlon also takes note of it. Ava and Nico come over. Nico asks what the green stuff is.

  - ### **Part 4**
Rachel tells the group not to touch it as they examine the fine green spray marks. Marlon leans into it and says it's tough to tell how hold it is, but it could only be a few days. The sun hasn't faded it at all yet. Ava says Lash has only been missing for a few days. Rachel looks around and notices across the street, in the alley, a very old, decrepit woman is sitting in a makeshift box-home. Her belongings scattered around the alley, seemingly inhabitating the spot for a while. She's swaying and muttering to herself. Rachel says they should go ask her if she was there the night Lash went missing. Maybe she saw something? Marlon agrees and the two walk over. As they approach the old, mumbling woman, Rachel introduces herself and asks the woman if she can ask her some questions. The woman responds in a strange accent but Marlon makes out the word "slugs". Marlon says she wants slugs to talk. (money is called slugs in disgraceland). Rachel reaches into her pockets and pulls out a couple of One Slug coins and hands them to the woman. The woman just glares at Rachel. After a moment Rachel just sets the coins in front of the lady and asks her if she was sitting here the night of Bloomsun 7th? The lady immediately perks up. Eyes glaring at Rachel, and she whispers [[Valkaara]]. Rachel asks her to repeat herself. The old lady says [[Valkaara]]! [[VALKAARA]]! and starts getting more upset. Marlon asks if she's saying [[Valkaara]]? The ancient Goddess? Ava and Nico ran across the street and approach the old woman. Ava pleads with the woman, asking her if she saw anything to just tell her. Please, did she see anything happen to a black man with an afro the night of the 7th? The old lady glares at Ava. "[[Valkaara]] took him. I watched her drag him into the darkness." The old lady starts screaming more and Rachel says they should go. The group leave the old woman screaming into the evening as they ponder how an ancient godess took Lash Hawkins. 

  - ### **Part 5**
Members of the Third Row gang who call the shots at the Three Nail Market appear to see the commotion. Samson Knight, the leader, and Jailface, his cousin with a metal jaw. Both men are large and intimidating as they walk over. Samson recognizes Nico as the Murray Boys kid and asks him what the fuck he's doing. Nico says they're looking for Lash Hawkins. Rachel interjects and asks Samson if he's seen Lash? Samson glares at Rachel and says he wasn't talking to her. Jailface grins at Rachel and begins to chew on the butt of a knifehandle while staring at her. Nico says they're not looking for trouble, they're just looking around for anything that might help them. Samson says they're not gonna find what they need here. Samson says Lash was a little punk-bitch who got spooked and probably ran away someplace safer. Ava lunges at Samson but Marlon and Rachel hold her back. Samson and Jailface laugh. Nico tells Samson to watch his fuckin mouth. Jailface immediately gets in Nico's face. Marlon comes over to stand beside Nico as the two face off with Samson and Jailface. Samson says because of the respect Samson has for Nico's father, Marco. Samson's gonna give him one. And only one. They need to get the fuck out of here. Now. Samson says that same respect doesn't extend to your friends. Suddenly Jailface cracks Marlon in the face with his fist. Rachel and Ava scream and Nico attacks Jailface. Samson is quick to grab Jailface and subdue him. Samson says that was a warning. This is Third Row territory and Samson doesn't like reporters or Murray's snaking around their area. Samson says to tell Marco that the Murray's need to stay away. Rachel and Ava help up Marlon and start to leave. Nico stands there, glaring at Samson. Nico finally says "You made a big mistake here today." And Nico leaves to catch up with his group. 

  - ### **Part 6**
Nico suggests the group go back and regroup at his place. Ava agrees as they help Marlon navigate the streets with his broken glasses. Rachel is tending to him, making sure he's okay while Nico fumes over Samson's disrespect. Eventually they make it back to Nico's place where Rosa Murray, Nico's mother, sees the group entering. She rushes over to help Marlon, asking what happened. Rosa helps Marlon sit down and fetches a frozen pack from the coldstorage. Rosa tells Nico she sees he's made some new friends. Nico asks where Dad is. Rachel holds the ice pack to Marlon's head as Rosa tells them that Marco should be home soon. Rosa again asks what happened? Nico tells her that Samson Knight and the Third Row attacked them. Rosa is surprised and says Marco isn't going to like this. Nico says HE doesn't like this. Rachel, ever the reporter asks Rosa where she was the night of Bloomsun 7th? Rosa smiles at Rachel and says she likes "this one." Rosa says she was at home with Marco. They watched a trashflick, Night Time with Morris Gable, then fell asleep. Rachel says okay, she just needs to cover all her bases. Rosa says she understands. Nico and Ava sit at the table with Marlon. Nico looks at Marlon and thanks him for having his back today. Nico extends his hand and Marlon shakes it. Rachel says she can't believe she's in the biggest known crime family in Disgraceland's house and she isn't writing a story about it. Nico glares at her but Rachel just smiles at him. Eventually Nico breaks and smiles back at her, telling her to keep her mouth shut about their house. Rachel laughs and says she will. Rosa returns with some drinks for the group. They thank her. Ava thanks the others for helping her with all this. She knows they all probably have better things to do but still, she appreciates it. Marlon holds up his drink and says "To finding Lash" the others repeat it and drink. 